fix(curriculum): fix writing issues in debugging techniques lectures (#67932)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-debugging-techniques/6733bec70d86e13522e98a4f.md

# --description--

The `throw` statement in JavaScript is used to throw a user-defined exception. An exception in programming is when an unexpected event happens and disrupts the normal flow of the program.

> As programmers it is important to handle these exceptions, so your programs don’t crash unexpectedly when errors occur. Here is the basic syntax for the `throw` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As programmers it is important to handle these exceptions, so your programs don't crash unexpectedly when errors occur. Here is the basic syntax for the `throw` statement:
```
